The first Asians to arrive in the United States in significant numbers were the Chinese immigrants who landed in California in the mid-1800s. Like people from many other places, the Chinese were drawn by the discovery of gold there in 1848. Historical records indicate that they were welcomed by some leaders of the new and thinly populated state; in 1851 Governor John McDougal called for "further immigration and settlement of Chinese—one of our most worthy classes of newly adopted citizens."

I Anti-Chinese sentiment was quick to develop, however, especially among miners who blamed the Chinese for depressing their wages. A special committee of the California legislature issued a report in April 1852 urging legislative action to deal with "the concentration, within our State limits, of vast numbers of Asiatic races." The committee suggested subjecting the Chinese to a foreign miner's license tax (a tax passed in 1850 for all foreign miners had expired in 1851 due to enforcement difficulties). A On April 23, 1852, California's third governor, John Bigler, presented a special message on Asian immigration to the California v legislature. The following viewpoint consists of excerpts from the governor's address, which according to historian Roger Daniels "marks the formal beginning of the anti-Chinese movement." Bigler, a lawyer and Democrat, had moved to California in 1849,

Excerpts of John Bigler's speech to the California legislature, reprinted from "Governor's Special Address," Daily Alta California, April 25,1852.

and was a member of the California Assembly before being elected governor. He served two terms as governor, from 1852 to 1856. In his 1852 address, Bigler makes several arguments concerning the undesirability of Chinese immigrants (“Asiatics"), which then numbered about ten thousand in the state. He argues that most of them are “Coolies" bound to long contracts of indentured servitude, that they cannot be trusted to tell the truth at criminal trials, and that they are ineligible for U.S. citizenship because of their race. Among his proposals for restricting Asian immigration was a program of taxation and a federal law making “coolie contracts" unenforceable. Bigler also defends the right of the state of California to regulate and restrict immigration, despite Supreme Court decisions stating that immigration policy was under the sole jurisdiction of the national government. Most of Bigler's proposals in this address were eventually enacted into law.

1 he subject which I deem it my duty to present for your consideration before our final separation, is the present wholesale importation to this country, of immigrants from the Asiatic quarter of the globe. I am deeply impressed with the conviction that, in order to enhance the prosperity and to preserve the tranquility of the State, measures must be adopted to check this tide of Asiatic immigration, and prevent the exportation by them of the precious metals which they dig up from our soil without charge, and without assuming any of the obligations imposed upon citizens. I allude, particularly, to a class of Asiatics known as “Coolies," who are sent here, as I am assured, and as is generally believed, under contract to work in our mines for a term; and who, at the expiration of the term, return to their native country. I am sensible that a proposition to restrict international intercourse, or to check the immigration of even Asiatics, would appear to conflict with the long cherished benevolent policy of our Government. That Government has opened its paternal arms to the "oppressed of all nations," and it has offered them an asylum and a shelter from the iron rigor of despotism. The exile pilgrim and the weary immigrant, have been recipients of its noble hospitalities. In this generous policy, so far as it effects Europeans, or others capable of becoming citizens under our laws, I desire to see no change; nor do I desire to see any diminution of that spirit of liberality which pervades the naturalization laws of the United States.

A question around which there has been thrown some doubt, is whether Asiatics could, with safety, be admitted to the enjoy

merits of all the rights of citizens in our Courts of Justice. If they are ignorant of the solemn character of the oath or affirmation, in the form prescribed by the Constitution and Statutes, or if they are indifferent to the solemn obligation which an oath imposes to speak the truth, it would be unwise to receive them as jurors or permit them to testify in courts of law, more especially in cases affecting the rights of others than Asiatics.

Citizenship and Race

Congress, possessing the exclusive power to establish a uniform rule of naturalization, has enacted that "every alien, being a free white person, may become a citizen of the United State," by complying with certain conditions. Of the construction of this law. Chancellor Kent remarks, that "the Act of Congress confines the description of Aliens capable of naturalization to free white persons." "I presume," continues the learned writer, that "this excludes the inhabitants of Africa and their descendants; and it may become a question, to what extent persons of mixed blood are excluded, and what shades and degrees of mixture of color disqualify an alien from application for the benefits of the Act of naturalization. Perhaps there might be difficulties, also, as to the copper-colored natives of America, or the yellow or tawny races of the Asiatics; and it may be well doubted whether any of them are white persons in the purview of the law. It is the declared law of New York, South Carolina, Tennessee, (and other States,) that Indians are not citizens, but distinct tribes, living under the protection of the Government, and consequently they never can be citizens under the Act of Congress."

It is certain that no Asiatic has yet applied for, or has received the benefits of this Act. Indeed, I am not aware that a single subject of the Chinese Empire ever acquired a residence or a domicil in any of the States of the Union, except, perhaps, in this. In this State their habits have been migratory; and so far as I can learn, very few of them have evinced a disposition to acquire a domicil, or, as citizens, to identify themselves with the country. Gold, with a talismanic power, has overcome these national habits of reserve and non-intercourse which the Chinese and their neighbors have hitherto exhibited; and under the impulse which the discovery of the precious metals in California has given to their cupidity, vast numbers of them are immigrating hither, not, however, to avail themselves of the blessings of a free Government. They do not seek our land as "the asylum for the oppressed of all nations." They have no desire (even if permitted by the constitution and laws) to absolve themselves from allegiance to other powers, and, under the laws of the United States, become American citizens. They come to acquire a certain amount of the precious metals.

and then return to their native country.

I invite your attention, for a moment, to results which may ensue, if by inaction we give further encouragement to the mania for emigration which pervades several of the Asiatic States, and which it may be presumed, is being rapidly diffused throughout all continental Asia. The area of Asia is 17,865,000 English square miles, and the total population is computed by the best authorities at three hundred and seventy-five millions two hundred and thirty thousand. The population of the Chinese Empire and dependent States alone is 168,000,000. It will be readily perceived that millions might be detached from such myriads, without any perceptible diminution of the aggregate population; and that vast numbers may be induced, under contracts, to emigrate to a country which they are told contains inexhaustible mines of gold and silver. The facilities afforded them for emigration are rapidly increasing, and few vessels now enter our ports from Asiatic countries which are not crowded with these peculiar people. I have received intelligence, from reliable sources, that the average rate charged an Asiatic from China to California, is forty dollars; that over two thousand of their number have arrived at San Francisco, within the last few weeks, and that at least five thousand are now on their way hither. Letters from Canton to the end of January, estimate the immigration from that port to California, for 1852, at over twenty thousand, nearly all of whom will be hired by Chinese masters, to come here and collect gold under the direction and control of the master himself, who accompanies them, or of an agent.

I have mentioned in the preceding portion of this communication, that numbers of Asiatics have been and are being sent here, under contracts to labor for a term of years in our mines at merely nominal wages, and their families have been retained as hostages for the faithful performances of the contracts....

If it be admitted that the introduction of one hundred thousand, or a less number of "Coolies" into this State, under such contracts with nonresidents, may endanger the public tranquility and injuriously affect the interests of our people, then we are bound to adopt measures to avert such evils. I therefore respectfully submit for your consideration two distinct propositions:

1st. Such an exercise of the taxing power by the State as will check the present system of discriminate and unlimited Asiatic immigration.

2d. A demand by the State of California for the prompt interposition of Congress, by the passage of an Act prohibiting "Coolies" shipped to California under contracts, from laboring in the mines of this State. With the consent of the State, Congress would have the clear right to interpose such safeguards as in their wisdom

might be deemed necessary. The power to tax as well as to entirely exclude this class of Asiatic immigrants, it is believed, can be constitutionally exercised by the State. As the subject is one of great magnitude, I have deemed it my duty to examine the opinions of eminent writers on international law, as well as the written opinions of the Judges of the Supreme Court of the United States.

An Inferior Race

T



It might be urged, as an objection to the imposition of a tax, that such a statute would be a regulation of commerce, and that the power to regulate commerce is exclusively reposed in Congress. I am aware that a majority of the Judges composing the Supreme Court of the United States, have decided that statutes passed by the Legislatures of New York and Massachusetts, imposing a tax on passengers of a ship from a foreign port, were regulations of foreign commerce; and that the power to regulate commerce being exclusively reposed in Congress, the statutes were void. But the whole Court were understood to concede the right of the State to tax immigrants after they were on shofe. The power of States to exclude immigrants is also shown by the best writers on international law, as well as by the decisions of the Supreme Court of the United States....

I will remark that the principle involved in the recommendation

which I have made, does not appear to me to be entirely analogous to that contained in the statutes of New York and Massachusetts, and declared to be unconstitutional by the Supreme Court of the United States. In those cases it was proposed to impose a tax upon "free white persons," who could acquire the rights of American citizens. But, in the present instance, it is proposed to tax persons who, it is believed, cannot assume the obligations imposed upon, nor acquire the civil or political privileges of citizens of the United States. In those cases, the public health merely was endangered; but it is believed that in this instance the most vital interests of the State and people—and, perhaps, the public peace are at stake. Whether the objection raised by the Supreme Court to the statute of New York, that it was a regulation of commerce, and that, therefore, it was void, would apply to a statute of this State, imposing a similar tax upon Asiatics, I must leave it to you and to other tribunals, to determine.

There is no official information in this department, touching the nature of the contracts said to have been made with Asiatics, by their own countrymen, or by foreign residents in the Chinese Empire, to work in our mines. It is not officially known to this department whether those persons are here in a state of voluntary or involuntary servitude. But if it be ascertained that their immigration and servitude is voluntary, I am still of the opinion that the Legislature may enact laws to prevent or discourage shipments of vast bodies of "Coolies" into this State. I am convinced not only that such a measure is necessary, but I am also convinced that there is nothing in the Federal Constitution which forbids the enactment of such laws....

California's Situation

It must be conceded that the extraordinary wants of this State will demand novel if not extraordinary legislation. The history and condition of California is peculiar—it is without parallel. Her resources, like her exigencies, are without precedent. In framing laws, therefore, to meet such exigencies, it is clear that we cannot be guided entirely by precedents which have been established in the common course of events in other States. But, though our condition may sometimes require departures from precedents in the enactment as well as in the execution of laws, we should not fail to follow the Constitution, both as our chart and as the palladium of our liberties.

Having thus performed one of the most important duties which will perhaps devolve upon me during my term of office, I commit this subject to your care, and entreat for it your careful consideration.

