The Ku Klux Klan


The great Ku Klux Klan sprang up like a mushroom, a Southern
organization formed in a time when no other power in the world could
have saved the suffering South from the utter disorder which prevailed
during the awful period following the War between the States.

The stigma attached to the name Ku Klux Klan by the uninformed masses
has, at this late day, been practically removed, thanks to that Southern
author, Thomas J. Dixon, who through "The Clansman" swayed public
opinion the right way; and thanks again to that master director, David
W. Griffith, another Southerner, who filmed this wonderful story and set
the people to exclaiming, "Why, the Ku Klux Klan was a grand and noble
order! It ranks with the best."

Every clubhouse of the United Daughters of the Confederacy should have a
memorial tablet dedicated to the Ku Klux Klan; that would be a monument
not to one man, but to five hundred and fifty thousand men, to whom all
Southerners owe a debt of gratitude; for how our beloved Southland could
have survived that reign of terror is a big question.

The very name Ku Klux shows that the order was formed among men of
letters. It is a Greek word meaning circle. Klan suggested itself; the
name complete in turn suggested mystery. Originally the order was purely
a social organization, formed in Pulaski, Tennessee, May, 1866, and gave
diversion to the restless young men after the reaction of war. They
found vast amusement in belonging to a club which excited and baffled
curiosity; great sport, too, was found in initiating new members. But it
was when the Klan realized that it had a great, vital work to perform
that it rose majestically to the gigantic task.

When the order at the end of a year had grown throughout the South to
such a size that a master hand was needed to guide it, Nathan Bedford
Forrest, famous cavalry general of the Southern Army, he of the charmed
life, a man who was in "more than one hundred battles and had
twenty-seven horses shot under him," a leader famous for his military
strategy, was elected Grand Wizard of the Invisible Empire. Forrest
always stressed the order that no fighting would be allowed. If they
needed to fight they would throw off their disguise and fight like
soldiers. Their purpose was to scare into submission the unruly free
negroes and the trouble-making carpetbaggers; and this purpose they
accomplished, without one drop of blood being shed, except in the most
extreme cases. Whenever an undesirable citizen was not wanted, he
generally found a note tacked to his door saying that if he did not move
on within twenty-four hours he would be visited by the Ku Klux Klan.
Signed "K. K. K." The man generally "moved on" long before the
stipulated time.

The negroes, being naturally superstitious and imaginative, helped the
order to gain power. In Nashville, Tennessee, among the five dens, there
was one formed of medical students from the University. One of the
favorite pranks of these young doctors was to ask a negro to hold their
horse, and then place in his hand as he reached out to take the lines a
finger or a hand taken from a corpse. The negro generally went a mile
before he stopped running. Another effective trick practiced by the Klan
was, when they had a negro on trial, to sprinkle beforehand a little
powder on the floor--"hell fire," they called it--and when the negro
would be looking down at the floor one of the Klansmen would
surreptitiously run his foot over the powder line, and a fiery-looking
trail would show. The negro would be paralyzed with fright, and was
always careful in the future never to have cause to be brought before
the Order again.

The Klan practiced numerous clever devices. Fancy the impression made on
a negro when a robed Klansman asked him for a drink of water, to see a
whole pail go down without any effort (a rubber bag concealed in the
uniform aided in this deception), and then to hear a sepulchral voice
say, "This is the first drink I have had since I was killed at
Chickamauga!"

One never knew when nor where to expect a body of Ku Klux; they would
spring up out of the ground, to all appearances; their ghostly figures
multiplying like magic; they had a manner of forming their companies
which made a band of one hundred men appear like a thousand. Their
horses' feet were always muffled, making their approach completely
noiseless. But it was only the guilty who feared them; and fear was what
the Klan worked to effect. To kill was not their aim, and only where
absolutely necessary was it ever resorted to. A rare instance was that
of the hanging of a Northern spy by the Pulaski Klan. This man came to
Pulaski and took up carpentry; he made the people like him, and worked
himself into the Klan; got their pass-words, everything in fact that
they knew; then made ready to get away to the North and expose the
secrets of the Order. They found it out before he got away, and when he
boarded the train in Pulaski, a number of the Klan boarded the car as it
turned out of the city, took the man off the train and hung him at the
bridge, thus saving their Order a gigantic tragedy. It was never known
who did it, the government could find out nothing. The matter was never
discussed by any of the Klan, even long years afterward.

In preparing this sketch of the Ku Klux Klan, I have been most fortunate
in having Capt. H. W. Head, 9th Tennessee Regiment, now a popular
physician of Santa Ana, California, a former Grand Cyclops of one of the
Nashville dens, to draw upon for material, and through his generosity in
lending me his treasured Prescript, which has never been out of his
possession since 1867, I am enabled to give a verbatim copy of their
secret oath and ritual. When Mrs. S. E. F. Rose, Historian of the
Mississippi Division, wrote her interesting booklet on the Ku Klux Klan,
she was anxious to secure a copy of this oath. She wrote to a lady in
Tennessee who had one in her possession and asked if she would, for the
sake of history, give her a copy. The lady replied that she regretted
not being able to comply with her request, as she was not able to write
it herself, and prized it too highly to allow it out of her possession
for even an hour to have a typewritten copy made. She said that her Ku
Klux papers, together with her husband's parole of honor obtained at
Appomatox, Virginia, were to her treasures whose price was far above
rubies. So you see what a treasure we have secured through Capt. Head's
gallantry and generosity. I am sure the Daughters appreciate the
interest he has taken in helping compile this data. It was my aim to get
information first-hand.

My father, Capt. James C. Cooper, was Grand Cyclops of a den in Mt.
Pleasant, Tennessee, but I never saw his uniform, as it was burned when
the Klan disbanded. Capt. Head buried his uniform, and thus saved it. He
obliged me by posing for a photograph in this interesting outfit. It was
strange how the old feeling came back to him. He felt, he said, as if he
were breaking his secret oath in thus displaying his uniform. Certainly
he did look guilty and a little self-conscious as he emerged from the
funny-looking garment. The buttons you see so generously distributed are
made of tin; the cloth is of black calico with white trimmings; the only
color used is a touch of red around the mouth and over the eyes. A
woman, who was sworn to secrecy, was generally appointed by the dens to
make their uniforms, so that they would all be alike.

As in Masonry, no one was asked outright to join the Klan. If a man
happened to be talking to a Klansman and showed a kindly interest in the
Order and a desire to join it, the Klansman would talk around the
subject, and if the man was of good character, would suggest that they
might find out something about it, the Klansman hinting that he thought
he knew some one who belonged to it, and who might get them into the
Order. Capt. Head had a funny experience with his own father. They were
talking one day about the new Order when the father asked: "Do you know
who these people are who call themselves the Ku Klux Klan?" The son
replied that he might be able to take him to a place where they could
find out. At the next meeting of his den, Capt. Head asked his father to
go with him, an invitation which was accepted. The old gentleman was
blindfolded and plied with the regulation questions, all of which he
answered satisfactorily. When the blindfold was removed he was greatly
surprised and pleased to see two of his own sons members of the den,
Capt. Head himself taking his father into the Order.

The Ku Klux Klan lasted for three years; they disbanded as quietly and
as quickly as they formed. When martial law was declared, and the work
was done, Forrest sent out this order, through word of mouth, from den
to den, throughout the vast Empire:

"The Invisible Empire has accomplished the purpose for which it was
organized. Civil law now affords ample protection to life, liberty and
property; robbery and lawlessness are no longer unrebuked; the better
elements of society are no longer in dread for the safety of their
property, their persons, and their families. The Grand Wizard, being
invested with power to determine questions of paramount importance, in
the exercise of the power so conferred, now declares the Invisible
Empire and all the subdivisions thereof dissolved and disbanded
forever."

Uniforms, oaths, and rituals were ordered burned, because it meant death
to a Klansman to have them found in his possession, so strong had grown
the feeling against the Order, due to unscrupulous outsiders who
committed horrible deeds in the guise of the Klan. But the grand old
Order had accomplished what it set out to do. Its work was nobly done;
and our rescued South still sings her gratitude to her heaven-sent
protectors, the mysterious K. K. K.