It is a humiliating fact that the greatest enthusiasm is often manifested upon issues where ignorance, bigotry, prejudice and selfishness play the principal parts. The history of the "AntiChinese Crusade" in California, during this Centennial year of American independence; the grounds upon which it has been waged; the character and spirit of its leaders and active agents; the methods of the campaign, the willful misrepresentations made concerning helpless and defenseless strangers who have come to us by special invitation; the criminal perversion of testimony given under oath; the ill-concealed effort to blacken the character of Protestant Missions and missionaries, in order to make a case against the Chinamen; the proud arrogance and assumption of superior virtue and morality by a class of men, many of whom, in daily life and practice, fall far below the average Chinaman—all these things conspire to cause a blush of shame on the cheek of every intelligent Christian citizen, who understands the case, whenever the subject is mentioned.

Indeed, the whole discussion of this question, so far as these political demagogues are concerned, has been so puerile, so utterly destitute of logic and sound argument,—in its spirit and intent so subversive of the fundamental principles of liberty upon which the whole fabric of our government is built,—so blind to patent facts, so utterly regardless of truth, honor, and justice, that it requires no ordinary patience to arrange the shameful facts in hand, and write out an impartial sketch of its history.

Two Developments

In the Spring of the present year (1876), two facts conspired to give certain political aspirants a coveted occasion to inaugurate a bitter and wide-spread Anti-Chinese agitation. First, the decision of the Supreme Court of the United States, that the State legislations of California, prohibiting the importation of lewd Chinese women was unconstitutional. Second, the fact that an unusually large number of Chinese immigrants were arriving each month, with rumors that multitudes more were only waiting an opportunity to come. These two facts furnished an immediate occasion, and fresh material for an appeal to the selfishness, bigotry, and race prejudices of the people, in order to excite their hostility against the Chinese, and thereby secure their adherence to the political school of the agitators and lift them into office. The result has been that, for political purposes alone, the leaders of both political parties, and the secular press generally, have declared war upon the Chinamen. The press has deprecated the constant, violent assaults and abuses heaped upon the Chinamen, not because

of the injustice and brutality of such conduct, but simply on the low, selfish ground that these acts of violence would injure the Anti-Chinese cause in the Eastern States. And before the Commissioners appointed by the municipal government of San Francisco could reach Washington, with the address and resolutions of the famous Anti-Chinese Mass-meeting of April 5th, a California Senator, Mr. A[aron] A. Sargent, had anticipated all they had to say in a speech before the Senate, May 2,1876.

A large portion of the press of California devoted itself to fanning the flames of excitement. The people were daily treated to editorials and correspondence setting forth in exaggerated and highly colored phrases the vices and crimes of the Chinese people, the ruin caused by Chinese cheap labor, and the tremendous impending evils of further Chinese immigration. All the existing evils which affect the morals of our own people were charged home upon the Chinese. All the sufferings of the poor and wretched were the results of Chinese immigration. The very vices and crimes of our hoodlum element were traced to the presence and competition of Chinese cheap labor. The people were admonished to remember that China had a population of four hundred millions, an alien race, incapable of assimilating with and of attaining to our higher forms of civilization, and that a constant stream from such a source would soon overrun and devastate the whole land. With admirable sophistry and flattery it was maintained that a "European after being in this country a few years, becomes as good a citizen, and as patriotic as a native born; a Chinaman never." (But the fact is, some Europeans make bad citizens, some Chinamen make good ones.) The working classes were easily made the dupes and tools of the demagogues. They were made to believe that if the Chinese were removed out of the way, thousands of white laborers, more than now, would immediately find employment at greatly increased wages. The Chinese laboring men were all called coolie slaves, and for a white man to be a common laborer beside a servile class, was disgraceful in the extreme, and utterly repugnant to the noble instincts of the intelligent yeomanry of this free land.

Anti-Chinese Clubs

The organization of Anti-Chinese clubs throughout the city and country was strongly recommended. The frantic cry was raised, "Organize, organize, organize." And organize they did. Politicians organized. The various classes of craftsmen organized. Loafers, tramps, and bummers organized. Hoodlum boys of ten and fifteen years of age were encouraged to join some of these organizations, and have been found very useful in teaching the Chinese that they are not wanted in this country. We give a specimen of

the proceedings of these Anti-Chinese clubs as reported in the daily papers. It is quite suggestive:

"The Seventh Ward Anti-Coolie Club met last evening. After the business was through with, a gentleman, who has felt the evils of Chinese invasion, asked permission of the Club to make a few remarks, and said:

Mr. Gintlemin and Prisidint, I have some remarks to make on this great thing. I've been wurruckin amongst these hathens as foremin and head boss over some iv'em, and you bet your life I knocked 'em down whiniver they tuk any airs on thimsilves wid me. I am a white man, as is a white man, and Mr. Prisidint,

I claims as how when a man is a white man, he should aither be a white man or lave the country. I showed thim 'are hathens as I was a white man, and forninst such employed Chinamens. Why, sur, I seed them men who employed these Chinamen, actually give 'em a chaw of terbacker, and indulgin' 'em in every way and manner as was possable to indulge 'em, and I was discharged because I knocked 'em down when they tuk too many liberties wid me. Yis, sur."

Acts of violence against the Chinese have been shamefully numerous, but for some reason, the newspaper reporters have not always thought them worthy of mention. One day some eight or ten of the Chinese girls of the Asylum of the Methodist Mission, accompanied by three American ladies, were rudely assaulted by a large crowd of men and boys in broad daylight within a few blocks of the City Hall. Mud, sand, and stones were thrown at them, and they were followed by a jeering, insulting crowd till they were compelled to seek refuge in the house of an Irish woman, who not only sheltered them but went out and tried to disperse the mob. The managers of the school have not since dared to take the girls out for recreation or observation without the special protection of the police.

The municipal authorities of San Francisco were early aroused to this question. The mayor has seemed to be the principal leader in the whole Anti-Chinese movement. He presented an address to the Board of Supervisors of the city, setting forth in no mild terms the evils, present and impending, of this Chinese immigration, and recommended some action on their part which should open up a general agitation of the subject whose influence should be felt in Congress. The Board acted promptly on the suggestion, and immediately took action which culminated in the "Grand Anti-Chinese Mass-meeting," of April 5th, and the appointment of three commissioners to go to Washington to present to the general Government the case against the Chinamen....

The excitement ran so high that at last even the conservative, stolid Chinamen began to be alarmed, and on April 1st, issued the following Manifesto:

The United States has been open to Chinese emigration for more than twenty years. Many Chinamen have come; few have returned. Why is this? Because among our Chinese people, a few in California have acquired a fortune and returned home with joy. A desire to obtain a competency having arisen in the heart, our people have not shrunk from toil and trouble. They have expected to come here for one or two years and make a little fortune and' return. Who among them ever thought of all these difficulties,—expensive rents, expensive living? A day without work means a day without food. For this reason, though wages are low, yet they are compelled to labor -and live in daily poverty, quite unable to return to their native land. Now this honorable country is discussing the importance of prohibiting the further emigration of the Chinese. That is very good indeed. First, because it will relieve the American people of trouble and anxiety of mind; secondly, the Chinese will no longer be wanderers in a foreign land. Both parties will thus be benefited. But this result should be brought about in a reasonable manner. It is said that the six companies buy and import Chinaman into this country. How can such things be said? Our six companies have, year after year, sent letters discouraging our people from coming to this country, but the people have not believed us, and have continued to come. The necessary expense of these poor new comers is a constant drain upon the resources of those already settled here, so that the Chinese residents of this country, are also opposed to this rapid Chinese emigration.

But the capitalists of this honorable country are constantly calling for Chinese cheap labor. The white laboring men of this country are very angry because the Chinese obtain employment which they claim belongs to white men alone, and so they hate the Chinamen, sometimes throw stones at them, sometimes strike them on the street, and constantly curse them. The Chinese people can not return such treatment in the same kind, lest other nations hearing of such things should ridicule the laws of this honorable country as of no use.

To prohibit the Chinese from coming to this country is not a difficult matter. Formerly His Imperial Majesty, our August Emperor, made a treaty of amity and friendship with the Government of this honorable country, opening commercial relations and permitting free intercommunication between the people of the two countries. This treaty is in accordance with the law of all nations.

*

And now if the American people do not desire the Chinese to come here, why not go to the Emperor and ask a repeal of the treaty, or why not limit the number of immigrants on each steamer to a very few? Then more would return and fewer would come, and not ten years would elapse before not a trace

of the Chinamen would be left in this greet and honorable country. Would not that be well indeed? But let there be counsel and consideration. It can not be said that Chinese labor impoverishes this country and are not the customs paid by the Chinese a benefit to this country? Now let the Government of the United States propose to the Government of China a repeal or change of the treaty prohibiting the people of either country from crossing the ocean, then shall we Chinese forever remain at home and enjoy the happiness of fathers, mothers, wives, and children and no longer remain strangers in a strange land. Then the white laborer of this country shall no longer be troubled by the competition of the Chinese, and our Chinese people no longer be subjected to the abuses and indignities now daily heaped upon them in the open streets of this so-called Christian land. If this can be accomplished, we Chinese will continually offer to the virtue of this honorable country our deepest gratitude and thanks.

They also, the same day, addressed the following letter to the Chief of Police:

SAN FRANCISCO, April 1,1876.

"To H.H. Ellis, Chief of Police of City and County of San Francisco:

Sir: —We wish to call your attention to the fact, that at the present time frequent and unprovoked assaults are made upon our Chinese people while walking peacefully the streets of this city.

The assaulting party is seldom arrested by your officers, but if a Chinaman resist the assault, he is frequently arrested and punished by fine or by imprisonment. Inflammatory and incendiary addresses against the Chinese, delivered on the public streets to the idle and irresponsible element of this great city, have already produced unprovoked and unpunished assaults upon some of our people, and we fear, that if such things are permitted to go on unchecked, a bloody riot against the Chinese may be the result. Regretting, that the Chinese are so obnoxious to the citizens of this country, and quite willing to aid in seeking a repeal or modification of the existing treaty between China and the United States, yet being here under sacred treaty stipulations, we simply ask to be protected in our treaty rights.

Respectfully submitted,

Thf Six Companies.

To show that the Chinamen had not exaggerated the abuses heaped upon them, we give an item from a daily paper of the same date as the above note to the Chief of Police:

A RIOTOUS ASSEMBLY.

An inflammatory Anti-Chinese meeting was held last evening on Kerney Street, and addressed by an incendiary orator. Under his heated harangue, the crowd was wrought up to the highest pitch of excitement, and increased in numbers until the street

was blocked by a surging mass. The speaker read a long series of resolutions condemning the importation of coolies, demanding a remedy from the lawmaking power, and ended by proclaiming that if no measures were taken to suppress the plague, the people were justified in taking summary vengeance on the Mongolians. The resolutions were received with yells by the listeners, and several unlucky Chinamen who passed by at the moment, were knocked down and kicked, to emphasize the verdict. The speaker then resumed his address in a more incendiary strain than before, calling on the populace, in the name of humanity, and their families, and as American citizens, to "drive every greasy-faced coolie from the land." "We must take this insidious monster by the throat," shouted the speaker, "and throttle it—choke it until its heart ceases to beat, and then hurl it into the sea!" At the conclusion of his speech he called upon every man to sign the resolutions, which about two hundred of those present did. During the crowding up to accomplish this, a car passed along on which a Chinaman was riding. Yells of "Pull him off!" "Lynch him!" "Kill the greasy slave!" etc., rent the air; but the Mongolian escaped with only a few cuffs and a vigorous kick or two.

Things got to such a pass that the sensational papers which had been fanning the flames of popular excitement began to find that "Fears of an Anti-Chinese riot were expressed in various quarters," and to "call upon the Mayor and the Chief of Police to give their attention to the matter in time." They further trusted "that at the Anti-Chinese mass-meeting to-night there will be no sensational clap-trap eloquence," designed to fire the popular heart. "The popular heart is already sufficiently fired.” Thousands of the best citizens feared a bloody riot. The Chinese themselves became exceedingly nervous, and prepared, as best they could, to defend themselves in case of an attack. The pawnbroker shops reaped a rich harvest from the sale of revolvers and bowie-knives to Chinamen. One dealer alone sold sixty pistols to Chinamen in one day at good prices....

In [April] a committee of California Senators, appointed to investigate the whole question of Chinese immigration, and report at the next meeting of the Legislature, held its sessions in San Francisco and Sacramento. The committee professed to seek all facts bearing on the Chinese question. But the class of questions constantly proposed by this committee to the witnesses and the direction seemingly given to the investigation had the tendency to bring into notice all the testimony unfavorable to the Chinese, and to throw into the shade important and reliable testimony in their favor.

It seems to have been a part of the design or scheme of this committee to destroy, if possible, the confidence, and to modify the views, of the Christian public in the Eastern States, with re

gard to the influence of Christian missions upon the Chinese people. Wicked, godless men, of infamous reputation in the communities where they live, and heathen of bitter hostility to the Christian religion, were called upon to testify as to the character of Protestant missionaries among the Chinese in California, and as to the number and character of the Chinese converts to Christianity. The testimony of such men has been reported and published in all the land, and has added fuel to the flames of prejudice and bigotry....
Since the great meeting [on April 5], and as one of its legitimate results, and during the session of the Senate Investigating Committee, assaults and riots upon the Chinese people have been more numerous than before. A newspaper correspondent from Truckee, says:

Last night an armed, masked party, numbering about fifteen, proceeded about a mile back of town to a Chinese camp situated on Front Creek, burned their cabins, and deliberately shot down three of them, killing two outright. The other was mortally wounded.

The same correspondent adds the following suggestive paragraph:

Now that our mill-owners and others heretofore employing Chinese laborers have discharged them, and employed white laborers, the latter will not avail themselves of the inducements held out to them, and the consequence is that Chinese labor is again resorted to.

A curious state of things, indeed. White men are engaged upon a job, but refuse to work. Chinamen, of necessity, are employed, and the white men, masked and under cover of night, go and shoot down the Chinamen and burn their cabins. They will neither work themselves nor let any body else. But Mr. Pixley and Mr. Roach are sent by the municipal government of San Francisco to memorialize Congress on the virtues of these white men and the vices of these Chinamen!! At Antioch a mob of white men drove the Chinamen out of town one day, and burned their houses the next, and the newspaper correspondent when narrating the affair, piously said, "This Chinese nuisance has become a disgrace which the law-abiding population will not much longer permit to eat away the foundations of Christianity!!!"

The next day the South San Francisco Anti-Chinese Club passed a resolution admitting "boys of the ward to the meetings on the ground that they could be useful in working out the desired end," and passed a vote of thanks "to the people of Antioch for the noble stand they had taken and the rousing example they had set."

A morning paper said:

It is scarcely safe for a Chinaman to walk the streets in certain parts of this city. When seen, whether by day or night, they are mercilessly pelted with stones by the young scape-graces who now, there being no schools, have nothing else to do, while older hoodlums look on approvingly, and, if the Chinamen venture to resist the assaults, take a hand in and assist the youngsters. Chinese wash-houses are sacked almost nightly. A Chinaman apparently has no rights which a white hoodlum, big or little, is bound to respect.

. . . During the intense heat of the Anti-Chinese Crusade, in April and May, 1876, the municipal government of San Francisco demonstrated its ability to close Chinese gambling-houses, but they were only closed temporarily, for in August, after three or four months only had elapsed, these dens were all open again, and rumors floated around among my Chinese friends, to the effect that the Chinese gambling fraternity had paid large moneys for the privilege of resuming their business.

Such is the character and history of the present Anti-Chinese excitement. An able editorial in the New York World, of June 5th, well and truthfully said:

The Anti-Chinese agitation on the Pacific Coast has, in all likelihood, been given more prominence than it deserves. Those who participated in it are generally of the brawling class, made up of small politicians, anxious to curry favor with laborers and artisans, who are apprehensive, especially in a time of commercial depression, and always easily aroused; and sensation mongers eager to accept the offered opportunity to write up Chinatown again, and invent a few details to suit the occasion. Behind them is the hoodlum element on the alert for any thing which promises a riot and occasion for pillage.

In the midst of the turmoil raised by these agitators, it is not easy that the voice of common sense is heard, and principle is very apt to be swayed or silenced by prejudice. Nevertheless, we venture the prediction that if the respectable citizens of California could be polled, they would by an overwhelming majority declare that the present Mongolian crusade is as undesirable as it is unjust.

Besides, the Anti-Chinese argument defeats itself, for in the same breath it is urged that the Celestials pour in there by myriads. It is also charged that they don't come to stay and be Americanized, but as soon as they have made a little money take it and themselves home to the Flowery Kingdom. The positions are inconsistent, and till we have elected to stand on one we must reject them both. If the Chinese pay taxes, rents, and fares, and earn and purchase that which they wear and consume, the community must be the gainer. If they work for less wages than other people, there is a saving of capital which will find other investment. Inasmuch as the most rabid denunciations of the Chinese come from people who do not work, except when menaced by starvation, the Chinese have rather the better of the argument. So with the moral feature of the question. The prison statistics of the State of California and San Francisco show the average of crime among the Chinamen to be lower than among the rest of the population. If Chinese prostitutes are inoculating the guileless youths of San Francisco with terrible disease does not the fault rest with the guileless youth? It is by no means flattering to our national pride that in this Centennial year such a discussion as this should be waged and that all the courtesy and cogency should be displayed on the side of the uncivilized heathens.

This crusade against the Chinese in America is already beginning to bear fruit in China. A correspondent from China writes:

The Chinese excitement in San Francisco is now pretty generally known throughout the open ports, and has created a bad feeling against the Americans. Educated natives characterize it as a gross infringement on the treaty, and sure to find speedy retaliation on Americans here.



