 From a statistical and practical study of the immigrants themselves it came to be recognized that there is a close correspondence between ignorance of language and the other chief undesirable qualities. These qualities are, in general, ignorance of a trade, lack of resources, criminal tendencies, aversion to country life and the tendency to congregate in the slums of large cities, a low standard of living and lack of ambition to seek a better, lack of disposition to assimilate and to have any permanent interests in this country. The facts and statistics of these matters have been frequently published and are collected in concise form in the various documents issued by the Immigration Restriction League since 1894. 

Observing this connection between ignorance of language and other undesirable qualities, most students of the immigration problem have come to believe that the next addition to the excluded classes should be made by means of an " illiteracy " or "educational" test.

Space will not suffice to give in detail the reasons why a further regulation of immigration is needed, and why the educational test is the best remedy thus far suggested for present evils. These matters have been fully set forth in the publications of the Immigration Restriction League. There is, however, one effect of immigration which has not received the attention it deserves, namely, its effect in causing what President Roosevelt has forcibly described as "racial suicide" on the part of the earlier settlers and their descendants; or, in other words, race substitution in this country. 

In his report for 1902 the Commissioner at the Port of New York says: "Last year over two thousand cases of aliens who had arrived within the past twelve months and in the meantime become destitute were reported to the outdoor poor department of the city of New York. . . . From my own observation while travelling abroad, as well as from information received, I am satisfied that much of the present immigration is not spontaneous, but assisted or encouraged. ... It must be clear to all that had our early immigration proceeded from those portions of eastern and southern Europe which are now sending us such large numbers of aliens, this country would not enjoy its present civilization. The constantly deteriorating quality of the recent immigration is a well-established fact, and calls for the execution of existing laws in the most stringent manner. . . . The effect of [the tide of undesirable immigration], if unchecked, will be to dilute and debase the elements which in the past have made this country great."

Gen. Francis A. Walker, Superintendent of the Censuses of 1870 and 1880, explains how the immigration of inferior sorts has lowered the birth-rate of those already in this country. In his " Discussions in Economics," Vol. II., pp. 417-426, he says: "The American shrank from the industrial competition thus thrust upon him. He was unwilling himself to engage in the lowest kind of day labor with these new elements of population ; he was even more unwilling to bring sons and daughters into the world to enter into that competition. The great fact protrudes through all the subsequent history of our population that the more rapidly foreigners came into the United States, the smaller was the rate of increase, not merely among the native population, but throughout the population of the country as a whole, including the foreigners. If the foregoing views are true, or contain any considerable degree of truth, foreign immigration into this country has, from the time it assumed large proportions, amounted not to a re-enforcement of our population, but to a replacement of native by foreign stock."

The United States Industrial Commission says in its report, p. 277 : "It is a hasty assumption which holds that immigration during the nineteenth century has increased the total population." RR Kuczynski, in the " Quarterly Journal of Economics" for November, 1901, and February, 1902, has shown that in Massachusetts the average number of children born to every foreign born married woman is two-thirds higher than for the natives, and the number of children living three-fifths higher. He says: "It is probable that the native population cannot hold its own. It seems to be dying out." 

President Eliot, of Harvard, has recently found that of the graduates of the classes from 1872 to 1877, twenty-eight per cent, are unmarried, and the married average only two surviving children. 

Undoubtedly other causes besides immigration have played their part in the lowering of the native birthrate. But, admitting the fact, is it not the strongest of reasons for using our best judgment in the artificial selection of the individuals and races which shall preserve and carry on the great traditions of our past? The immigration problem is not a question of to-day alone, but of our country long after we are dead. We are trustees of our civic ideals and institutions for the benefit of future generations. As Phillips Brooks said : "If to this particular nation there has been given the development of a certain part of God's earth for universal purposes ; if the world is going to be richer for the development of a larger type of manhood here, then for the world's sake, for the sake of every nation that would pour in upon that which would disturb that development, we have a right to stand guard over it." 

Ignorance on the part of resourceful people is bad; short-sightedness is worse. The short-sightedness displayed by prominent foreign-born Americans in the matter of immigration is one of the most discouraging things I have encountered in a purely impersonal attempt to better alien conditions. The influential Italian believes in keeping out all the trachomatous Jews, immoral French, physically deficient Hungarians, but cannot see why the cousin of his brother-in-law should not come into the United States just because he "got into a little trouble in the old country and went to jail for ten years." The influential Jew thinks all the murderous Italians, dissolute Slavs, contract laborers from Hungary, etc., should be barred, but the poor, broken, worthless, spiritless Jew of his tribe should be let through, even if the first Jew pays $10,000 a year to help support the societies that bring him. The French liquor dealer who heads the little sub rosa syndicate for the distribution of immoral women, raves over the terrible damage being done to this country by the influx of a million people a year. One and all forget the proverb of the goose and the gander. 

The decent foreign-born Americans should combine to keep out the undesirable regardless of nationality, family relations, or business interests, because in the long run the reactionary effect strikes first the foreign-born citizen. The Jewish charities carry an awful burden rather than see some of their people uncared for. The great mass of the hard-working and honest Italians suffer black opprobrium because they have helped to get the thieves, murderers and Mafiusi into the country and now the leeches are preying upon them. Just so it goes. 

The vile parasites prey first on the people of their own blood. If the Italians, Jews, Hungarians and all the others would stop trying to run their friends and relatives through by the underground railway, would inform on those already illegally here, the situation could be clarified. But that is hopeless. It is a voluntary movement which is nearly impossible. The only thing to do is to close off the avenues with a strong hand. 

If a water pipe had burst in my house I should not dance about pointing to the damage it was doing, or try to stop the leak with chewing gum and blotting paper; I should go into the basement and turn off the water. 

In this brief article I wish particularly to summarize some known things about underground immigration and to give the result of some of my recent investigations. . . . With but twelve million foreign-born out of eighty million people in the United States, in round numbers, more than half of the objects of charity are aliens by birth. At present immigration is responsible for seventy-four per cent, in the increase in population, and ninety-five per cent, of the beggars rounded up on the streets in Philadelphia were found to be aliens. Nothing more need be said to command the alert attention of honest charity.

First I should state what I mean by a "good" or "poor" immigrant. An immigrant is more or less good according to his or her ability and willingness to earn his or her own living, now or in the future, and obey the laws. That covers the whole case. That shuts out the criminal, diseased, physically and mentally deficient, immoral and politically undesirable classes. Every poor immigrant is sooner or later, directly or indirectly, certain to become a charge upon society. While two-thirds of our national material resources remain undeveloped there should be no thought of shutting out good immigrants who are willing to assist in the development of them.

Hear the Jew protest: "we take care of our own." All credit for that, but we do not want people who have to be taken care of. They are not good stock, they are not good stuff, and I do not care how well-intentioned or how eminently respectable the people are who are supporting this underground immigration of the poor Jews. They are breaking the laws of the United States. 

Through western Pennsylvania scores of cases have been cropping up of insane and idiotic Hungarians and Austrians found wandering about the towns and villages. Investigation proved that nearly all had been in the country less than eight months, that many had been insane for years, and the conclusion was that they were part and parcel of thousands of insane and idiotic persons turned over to the Cunard Line to fill the contract which the Hungarian government secretly made with it, to supply all Hungarian immigrants to the line with an alleged minimum number of 30,000.


It is high time that aliens of poor physique should be debarred from our shores. When we raise horses, or cattle, or dogs, or sheep, we select good, strong, healthy stock. If we have any concern for the physical development of our race, we should certainly be no less careful in the selection of our human stock. With the change in the racial character of our immigration in recent years there has come a marked deterioration in the general physique of the immigrants. At the present time our medical inspectors record thousands of aliens as being of such poor physique that their ability to earn a living is thereby interfered with, yet most of these are admitted because there is no specific clause in our existing immigration law under which they can clearly and surely be excluded, and because the proffered financial assistance of a friend or relative is allowed to offset the fact of poor physique. The physique of an immigrant is a matter of the very highest importance for the health and future of the race. It is the aliens of poor physique who usually shun the country, and crowd into city tenements, "where they become ready victims of diseases and establish in these crowded quarters dangerous foci for the dissemination of disease." "The real danger to the public health, and to the future of our stock, lies in that class of immigrants whose physique is much below American standards." Our best insurance against race decadence is to be sought in the selection of good, strong, healthy stock. We want none but honest, industrious, healthy and fit immigrants, and we can get them if we exclude the others.

The attempt to improve race stocks in recent times has, therefore, taken the form, not of killing off the less fit, but of preventing their coming into the State, either by being born into it or by migration.

Gobineau once said, America is likely to be, not the cradle of a new, but the grave of an old race." Is there, indeed, a danger that the race which has made our country great will pass away, and that the ideals and institutions which it has cherished will also pass! 

What lias happened since then? To-day, less than one-half of our people are descendants of the original stock and of the early settlers. Since 1820, we have received from Europe and Asia some twenty-eight millions of people. About one-third of these came prior to 1880 and were of races kindred to those already here; in other words, they had a common heritage of institutions if not of language, and were assimilated into the general population with comparative ease. The other two-thirds, the eighteen millions who have come since 1880, have been, on the other hand, of entirely different races — of Alpine, Mediterranean, Asiatic, and African stocks. These races have an entirely different mental make-up from the Baltic race; they bring with them an inheritance of widely differing political and social ideals, and a training under social and political institutions very different from ours. The Slavic races, for example, differ from the Teutonic in temperament as much as the emotional nations of the Mediterranean. The South Italian, which constitutes the largest element in our present immigration, is one of the most mixed races in Europe and is partly African, owing to the negroid migration from Carthage to Italy. The modern Greek is by no means the Greek of the time of Pericles, either in race or temperament. The Hebrew, which constitutes the next largest element of immigration, in spite of long residence in Europe is still, as it always has been, an Asiatic race; while the Syrians, Chinese, Japanese, and Hindus are still more removed from the civilization of northern Europe and America. Americans have hitherto paid very little attention to this question: first, because they have not considered the difference between hostile and peaceful invasions in history; and second, because they fail to observe that recent immigration is of an entirely different kind from that which our fathers knew. The earlier immigration having been of kindred races and having produced no profound changes, our people became used to the phenomenon and took it as a matter of course. At the present time, most of us consider that the movement now going on is similar to that which has been, and anticipate results no different from those previously observed. 

If the million people coming every year came not as peaceful travelers, but as an invading hostile army, public opinion would be very different to what it is; and yet history shows that it has usually been the peaceful migrations and not the conquering armies which have undermined and changed the institutions of peoples.

The " barbarians " of the present time, however, do not come from the plateaus of central Asia or from the jungles of Africa; they are the defective and delinquent classes of Europe — the individuals who have not been able to keep the pace at home and have fallen into the lower strata of its civilization. Undoubtedly immigrant children crowd our schools because it aids them in the struggle for existence, and is usually paid for by some one else.
