What does the American Press say about the Further Restriction of Immigration? 

The present publication contains brief extracts from editorials which 
have recently appeared in some of the daily papers regarding the need of 
further restricting immigration. These extracts are selected from among 
hundreds of similar editorials that have been brought to the attention of 
the Immigration Restriction League, and may serve as indications of the 
general attitude of the papers which have lately spoken on this important 
subject. 

Los Angeles, Cal., " This (educational) TIMES provision is an excellent one. It is a thoroughly American test. If we had had such a test in force during the past 30 years, we should not now be confronted with so difficult a problem as regards to illiterate voters. 

Denver, Colo., " The policy of the US should be to place severe restrictions upon immigration of an 
undesirable character. The welfare of the people already here calls for consideration before that of those who never have been in the country and who have no claim upon it whatever.' 

Hartford, Conn., -Certainly the suggestion to take the first step toward a policy of restricting immigration, by absolutely refusing admission to illiterate foreigners, is a good one.

0ur Census tables prove that we have an ample supply of illiteracy on hand, both home-made and imported. The experience of all nations proves that ignorance is conducive to crime and pauperism, in a country whose government is based on the ballot illiteracy is dangerous. To guard against this danger and to reduce the cost of maintaining penal and charitable institutions, we expend many millions of dollars annually — dollars raised by taxation — for the support of public schools. Is it good policy, under these circumstances, to keep our gates wide open for the influx of illiteracy from Europe? 

If we were in need of labor this question might possibly be answered in the affirmative. But no such need exists. Neither in manufactures, mining, agriculture, nor in any other department of business is there any lack of workers. Illiterates are almost uniformly unskilled laborers, and we have an enormous redundancy of that class. Every additional arrival of immigrants, such as are now coming in, increases the wretchedness of our city slums, and tends to reduce the scant wages of the men and women who are competing with each other for work. 

It is not proposed to require a knowledge of the English language as a condition of admittance, but of some one language. It is not proposed to set up any high literary standard. To read and write one native language is the full measure of the proposed scheme. There is a call tor immigrants to 
take up land in the Northwest and in parts of the South, but those sections do not 
want illiterates. The West has quite enough and the South too much of illiteracy already. What they both want is intelligence, enterprise, and a little capital as qualifications of new citizens. 

The Post has uniformly discouraged drastic legislation on immigration. It has had no sympathy for proscriptive propositions. But the time appears to have arrived for the exercise of judicious care as to the swelling stream of immigration that is pouring into our seaports and settling down in our cities. It does not seem advisable to keep on re-enforcing our stock of ignorance. The Post has never approved any demand for extreme measures calculated to suppress European immigration. It would be morally wrong and politically inexpedient to put up the bars against such foreigners as would probably become good citizens. But the Post has expressed the opinion that this country now has on hand a sufficient supply of illiteracy, both native and foreign. The records of our penal and charitable institutions furnish conclusive proof that illiteracy conduces to crime and poverty. But. in spite of this fact, our people might be justified in encouraging illiterate immigration if we were in need of additional labor. We might overlook deficiencies in brain culture it we were suffering for muscle. This, however is not our case. We have a large surplus of labor, and the army of the idle in all our cities is re-enforced by every fresh arrival of immigrants. Under such circumstances the Post is inclined to favor the bill now before Congress which proposes to exclude all immigrants between fourteen and sixty years who cannot read and write their own language. 

"So tar as the Eastern, Middle, and the older Northwestern States are concerned, no such illiterate immigrants are '-valuable additions to the population.' The South has all the illiterates that it cares to possess. There may be Western States that are longing for an increase of illiteracy by importation, but they rarely get it; for such immigrants settle in the slums of the Eastern cities as naturally as a duck takes to water.""

The greater part of these immigrants (from Austrian-Hungary, Italy. Russia and Poland) are unskilled laborers; These are just the people we do not need.'

"The immigration problem is becoming a question which can no longer be overlooked in national legislation, and procrastination in the matter of its summary and final settlement is already working incalculable harm to the country at large.


Immigrants, other than children, who neither can read or write in any language cannot be considered as desirable accessions to an industrial community.

In its present shape the SKANDINAVEN bill (proposed by the Immigration Restriction League) contains but one clause, viz., a provision imposing an educational test upon all intending immigrants between fourteen and sixty years of age. If such a law had been enacted years ago the condition of the country, especially that of the working people, would have been better than it is today. It is time to call a halt to the importation of ignorance. The proposed legislation should receive the active support of all good citizens, irrespective of nationality, and this paper assumes, as a matter of course, that the Scandinavians will take the lead in this matter, and endeavor to induce other enlightened classes of adopted citizens to follow in their footsteps. The average Congressman is generally a coward in respect to measures which in his judgment are offensive to the foreign vote of his district. For this reason it is all the more important that Scandinavian-American citizens should inform members they have helped to elect that the bill now pending, so far from being offensive to them, meets with their hearty and unqualified approval.

One amendment to the present law will probably meet with general approval. It is to exclude all persons between the ages of 14 and 60 who cannot read and write the English language or some other language. This proposition will commend itself to thinking people generally. It is evident that there is still a large percentage of undesirable immigrants, as only the extreme cases are returned to the homes they quitted. Before the panic nearly half a million were landed every year upon our shores, and it is certain that a dangerous proportion were not fitted for becoming good American citizens. No political economist, American or European, but recognizes the menace to our institutions from such an influx of foreigners.'

It is announced that the present Congress will be asked for further legislation for the restriction of immigration on the lines recommended by the executive committee of the Immigration Restriction League. That body has been working very earnestly for some time past and filling the country with its protests against our insufficient immigration laws; its protests seem to have had some effect and are likely to result in some legislation on the part of Congress. 

The proposition of the League is that all aliens between fourteen and sixty years of age who cannot read and write English or some other language, that is all illiterates, shall be shut out of the country. It is claimed that the adoption of this rule would bar out fully 20 per cent of the most undesirable foreign element. It is not claimed that it will shut out all the bad immigrants, but that all or very nearly all it does shut out are people we are better without. 

We already have a great deal of illiteracy in this country, as much as we can safely attend to; and it is unwise if not dangerous to introduce more illiteracy, especially when the illiterates speak a foreign tongue. Could there be a greater danger to a country where the government depends upon the votes of the people than a large foreign-born population, ignorant of our language, unable to read or write, yet exercising the franchise? We recognize the danger of illiteracy, and fully appreciate it in our own people; and to protect ourselves from the danger, and thus reduce the cost of maintaining penal and charitable institutions, we spend millions of dollars for schools. Yet while we are defending ourselves at home against illiteracy, we throw open our doors and welcome illiterates from abroad — illiterates whom we can never teach to read or write because they do not speak our language. 

There are occasions, of course, when this illiteracy might be overlooked. If we were in great need of rough labor we would be justified in overlooking the fact that the laborers could not read or write: but as a matter of fact, we have all the labor we need for manufactures, agriculture and every kind of industry : and it seems the height of folly to be bringing in illiterates, who are, in almost every case, unskilled laborers. 

The arguments of the Immigration Restriction League are strong and are likely to have a great influence with Congress. The league has no Know-Nothing tendencies. It does not propose to shut out immigrants or discriminate against races. All it proposes is that to enjoy the privileges of this great country and share in its government the new comer shall at least know how to read and write his native tongue. The rule will be no hardship to anyone, and will keep out many persons who will prove a burden to the country. 

"The Journal welcomes the addition of an educational test as a wise and practical increase in the stringency of our laws. Until we have an educational test as a safeguard, we cannot feel sure that this enormous army of foreign citizens is capable of appreciating our institutions.

It is certainly anomalous that in this land of compulsory education, as the only safe basis for our free institutions, foreigners — total strangers to us in language, habits and knowledge of government - should be allowed free entry, without being able to read and write. If education is so necessary for our own people that millions of dollars are spent every year on our public schools, by what sort of logic do we allow foreigners to come among us who have had no rudimentary educational training?'

It would be a blessing if foreign immigration could be suspended so far as to exclude the illiterate and undesirable classes. Such a qualification (educational) would not conflict with the spirit of American Institutions. We compel the education of our own children, and it is unquestionably right and proper that we should compel adult foreigners seeking residence here to be able to read and write." 

"Illiterate immigrants are a standing menace to any country. Their presence cannot be looked upon as desirable, nor are they such people as any civilized nation would recklessly invite to their shores." 

"What we need is an immigration of intelligence and activity, not an invasion of mined adventurers and poverty-stricken laborers.

We have a perfect right to insist upon some rational educational test — a test which shall guarantee that the immigrants we receive are at least intelligent enough to make good citizens. The Times agrees with the Restriction League when it says that no immigrant between the ages 14 and 60 shall be allowed to land in the United States who cannot read and write some one language." 

An (educational test) is not all the legislation that is needed ; but it would be a long step in the right direction. This is a requirement which involves no hardship to the immigrant which he cannot overcome by industry and perseverance, and it would be a valuable protection to the country against the invasion of ignorant and irresponsible hordes.

The fiercest and bloodiest labor disturbances in this country have been those in which the Huns and Poles have been ensnared. It is a lasting commentary on the stability of our institutions that they could withstand this mighty assault upon them from this aggregation of hostility and illiteracy. The figures suggest the trend of legislation which must be enacted if the institutions of this country are to receive the protection they demand." 

We trust that the subject of immigration will be taken up at the coming session of Congress, and that better laws for its regulation will be enacted. There is very great need for the adoption of more stringent rules for the exclusion of undesirable immigrants, many of whom, after their admission, become a burden upon the community, or lower the character of our population.'

In the earlier years of immigration a large proportion of the new comers, especially the Germans and Scandinavians, went directly to the West, and aided materially in clearing the forest, bringing virgin lands into cultivation and building of new towns and cities. Now there is a change. The immigrants driven from home by stern necessity, flock to the cities and remain there, intensifying by their added competition the sharp struggle of the laboring man for the necessities of existence. It will be found, as a rule, that the illiterate from foreign shores do not make desirable citizens. We already have too many illiterates in this country, and the educational test for immigrants is bound to grow in popularity.

Congress is looking toward the immigration restriction measures, and it is to be hoped that something will be done in that line. There is a general opinion in favor of such a course All foreign-born citizens of the better sort will favor the adoption of a law enforcing an educational test upon intending immigrants. 

We do not want the country to be deluged with foreign cheap labor, pauperism, vice, anarchy and illiteracy.

This country does not need any increase of population other than the natural increase of the present stock. We should be glad to see a still greater diminution in the number of foreign immigrants." There was a time in the history of this country when these strangers were gladly welcomed, but that time is not now: it was when the Republic was young and its unoccupied area greater; it was at a time when the land would absorb all who sought asylum here and were willing to become good and intelligent citizens, in accordance with the laws and usages of the country. There is no use in attempting to disguise the fact that there is danger in congesting here such masses of illiterate and non-assimilative foreigners.

The United States has been and is being made the dumping ground for a very large proportion of the ignorance and poverty of the old world. The constant addition of these elements to our population must result in lowering gradually the average moral and intellectual status of the whole people."

There are other reasons than the protection of our labor why we should restrict immigration. We already have in our large cities a vast amount of ignorance and pauperism to care for. We need, for a time at least, to keep back all who have not intelligence enough to take care of themselves. This (educational test) would keep out the very poor and the illiterate and would furnish some protection to our present population."'