The Legislature of the State of California, at its thirteenth session, respectfully represents to the Senate and House of Representatives in Congress assembled, as follows:

A perfect equality of political rights, and a universal cooperation of the entire people, or at least its moral capability of cooperating in the making and administering the laws, being the cornerstone of the permanence of every republic, your memorialists deem it of the most vital importance that we should not invite a national element into our midst whose social character and moral relations are so repulsive to those fundamental principles upon which our society, and indeed every civilized society, is founded, that we can neither socially amalgamate with it, nor entrust it with the prerogatives and duties of participation in the administration of our Government. It is neither a shortsighted policy of national exclusiveness, nor a lack of charity for inferior nationalities, that impels California to lift her voice against the unrestricted influx of a race in every respect more undesirable than that population, for the absolute exclusion of which, the National Administration and Congress have already manifested their willingness to cooperate with those States which desire to rid themselves of this element of national discord.

In appealing to Congress for protection against the contingency of an overwhelming immigration of Mongolians, the Legislature of California is solely actuated by the love and care for the safety and maintenance of our institutions, and the consciousness that a condition of slavery in our midst must unavoidably be the result of an unrestrained immigration of Mongolians. The Representatives of the people of California deem it a solemn duty to manifest to the National Congress the conviction that, if this immigration be not discouraged, the time is not far when degraded labor will have become as identified with the pecuniary interests of a portion of the people of this State, and as inimical to the

fundamental principles of a democratic government, as Negro labor in the now rebellious States.

Even the position of the small number of free Negroes in the free States teaches us that no republican government ought to suffer the presence of a race which must, socially and politically, be always separate and distinct, and the antipathy to which is stronger in regulating its position and disabilities in society than the laws of the land. In the conviction of your memorialists, it is not alone a legalized state of slavery, which undermines the foundation of a republic, but that social relation which is the necessary consequence of the settlement in one community of two entirely uncongenial races, and which tends to produce, though the inferior race may be nominally free, the respective positions of a governing and a servile class, is just as dangerous to the permanence of republican institutions and ought to be as much guarded against as slavery itself.

The Threat to California

Your memorialists assert that California is in a position far different from that of her sister States in regard to the settlement within the United States of races which, as long as self-respect and conservatism govern the Anglo-Saxon race in America, can never be admitted to social amalgamation or political equality. The free States in the East could only then fully appreciate the evils and complications which threaten the social system of California, if they were as much exposed to the danger of becoming colonies of free Negroes as California to the immigration of millions of Mongolians. Though the free Negro speaks our language, though he grows up among us, worships the same God as ourselves, and is accustomed to our institutions, yet the free States find the presence of a comparatively small population of this race exceedingly annoying, and fraught with dangers not only to the peace of their own community, but to the harmony between their laws and the constitutional policy of the National Legislature. What may be the difficulties and dangers which California will have to encounter, if she is not to be protected from the unlimited influx of a race which already comprises the eighth part of her entire population, which is utterly a stranger to our language, to the fundamental principles of enlightened religion, to our consciousness of moral obligations, and, with a few individual exceptions, even to a sense of the most common proprieties of life. Does it not deserve the serious consideration of the National Legislature and of thd treaty-making power, that not the slightest barrier exists for the protection of California against immigration from a contiguous semicivilized empire, which counts its slaves by hundreds of millions?

The Congress of seventeen hundred and ninety and seventeen

Chinese Historical Society of America

Picture #8
The purported consequences of Chinese labor competition are depicted in an illustration and accompanying article excerpted from the November 7 , 1885, issue of the San Francisco magazine the Wasp.

But it is not alone in the field of labor that the evils of the Asiatic interloper are felt. He is the ruin of the household. Our artist has pictured on the last page a panorama of distress which is by no means a work of imagination. The wreck of the white workingman's family is graphically depicted. The leering, idiotic and immodest attitude of the daughter of the house shows the damning influence of the opium-pipe; the father, driven from employment, despairingly seeks relief in a suicide's death, leaving his widow destitute, famished and despondent; the son, driven to stealing bread for himself and mother, finds himself a felon. In the clutches of the law; while near by in a huge manufactory may be seen the cause of all the evil in the fact that Chinese are driving the white men from employment, hurling them from the windows and kicking them out of the doors. Surely such a spectacle must stir the blood in the veins of either Saxon or Celt.

hundred and ninety-five, when no American statesman had the slightest anticipation that the domain of the Union would stretch to the Pacific Ocean, and when the people of the United States came but little into personal contact with the nations of Asia, believed sufficiently to provide against the contingency of other than congenial and desirable immigration, by excluding from the rights of citizenship all but free white aliens. It is due to the wisdom of our forefathers and to the care and foresight with which they planted institutions intended to be permanent and beyond

contingencies which human sagacity might provide against, that they would have put other restrictions upon the immigration of inferior races, besides the disability of acquiring the rights of citizenship, could they have but anticipated so near a geographical relation between the United States and China, that the former would be liable to a continual and unlimited influx of population from the latter. It is, therefore, in the belief of your memorialists, no extravagant hope which California entertains, that at the present time the same Congress and the same Administration, which believe it to be their duty to offer the Federal aid to States desirous to entirely exclude Negroes from their soil, will not refuse to her the same cooperation against a race much more uncongenial to us than the other, and much more dangerous on account of the facility with which countless millions may at any time be thrust upon us by the pleasure of a barbarian potentate.

Whilst the influence of slavery is losing territory in our Eastern sister States, the unrestrained settlement of Mongolians in California is slowly but surely building up such social relations as will soon place the two races practically in the position of masters and unfree servants. A race so degraded, that it is stated by the committee of this Legislature appointed to confer with the Chinese companies at San Francisco, that according to the information from these leaders of the Chinese, there are but one hundred respectable families (i.e., married women with children) among a population of fifty thousand Chinese, a large proportion of which number consists of females—a race so devoid of a sense of truth and veracity that the testimony of ever so many individuals to the same facts has no weight upon the minds of our juries—such a race can certainly not reside long in our midst without awakening all those selfish interests which desire the introduction of cheap labor, and the immediate cultivation of articles heretofore produced by slave labor in the South, even at the cost of an irradicable system of involuntary servitude.

Endangering the White Working Class

Degradation of labor and the impoverishment of the laboring classes are poisons which destroy the lifeblood of a republic. There are enough resources in the almost unbounded domains of the Union to support the dignity of labor for centuries, unless it is brought into competition with slave labor. Chinese labor ranks no higher in the public respect than slave labor. Its compensation is so low in proportion to the necessities of life in California that the white laborer cannot compete with the Chinaman, who needs neither a civilized abode, nor decent clothing, nor education for his children. The larger portion of the Chinese has been engaged in mining. During the early years after the discovery of gold in

this State, when our population was sparse, and when there was no lack of rich surface mines, the American and European miner experienced no hardship from the presence of the Chinese; but, as in the course of time, the rich surface diggings became more and more exhausted, and the chances of generous reward for individual labor in mining claims became rare, the antipathies of our own race against the Mongolians were aroused, and grew daily stronger in proportion as the mines occupied by Mongolians became of increasing importance to American citizens or Europeans, who sought the means of a modest and toilsome subsistence for a permanent settlement upon our soil.

As a natural consequence, California has witnessed those collisions of races which are deplorable, but which will always manifest themselves between a superior and an inferior race, which are forced into permanent contact, and whose mutual antipathies are strengthened by a conflict of pecuniary interests. In many mining sections, organizations were formed for the purpose of forcibly preventing Chinese from working in places where they had not yet made their appearance, and to eject them from districts where the mineral would reward the labor of white persons. These arbitrary mining regulations were enforced by the miners, and as the Executive authorities of the State were not desirous to produce civil strife by forcibly resisting the popular will, laws have existed and still exist in this State, outside of the legal power, in restriction of the right of Chinese to work the mines.

By such treatment, and by such oppressive and tyrannical bearing, as the rude and passionate classes of a superior race will always assume towards a race residing among them, whose settlement is highly undesirable, a large portion of the Chinese in the mines was induced to resort to our towns and cities, whereby the share of the latter in the great social evil—for as such we consider the settling of the Chinese among us—has been disproportionally increased. Although the Chinese in the cities have so far not met with that spirit of persecution which discouraged their settlement in the mines, yet it is manifest that a bitter hostility against them is a marked and growing feeling among the laboring classes of our cities. This feeling is mainly due to the intrusion of the Chinese into several branches of industry, to the serious detriment of the white workingmen heretofore engaged in them. The latter, being unable to maintain a decent and civilized subsistence upon wages which afford the Chinaman a comfortable living, were compelled, in every case where Chinese competition made its appearance, to retire from their profession, and abandon its exercise to their Chinese competitors. Several of our industrial professions, which but a few years ago afforded a profitable employment to a large number of persons of our own race, and which

were yearly growing in importance and in their capacity of employing white workingmen and their families, are now monopolized by Chinese, to the exclusion of our own citizens. Our working classes look, therefore, anxiously into the future, for they feel that the Chinese, with their skill for mechanical imitation, will slowly but surely push themselves into one profession after another, and reduce the value of labor to the level which it occupies in monarchies, and which makes it equivalent to pauperism and degradation. This apprehension is well founded, if the success heretofore enjoyed by Chinese competition with our working classes may be considered as a fair criterion of the. position of Chinese labor to white labor in the future.

Your memorialists are aware that the Legislature of a republic ought always to encourage rather than discourage competition of labor, so long as this labor emanates from congenial or homogeneous races; but if her working classes are forced to compete with a race entirely foreign to all our moral, social, and political interests, and independent of the necessities which a civilized life imposes, then it becomes certainly the duty of the Government to shield the labor of her citizens, and to anticipate, by wise legislation, the violent collision which must be the unavoidable result of an unrestricted encroachment of an inferior race upon the selfrespect, the dignity, and, above all, upon the indispensable resources of the working classes of the governing race. California needs population, but it would be far better for her future prosperity—aye, for her safety—to be content with her present population, than to increase it manifold by inviting Chinese immigration.

The Mongolian is not only by degrees diminishing the means of subsistence of our white workingmen, but he is a serious impediment in the way of the immigration of the poor and humble classes of our own race from the Eastern States and Europe. As labor is undignified and despised in the slave States, because it is performed by a race which is inferior in nature and in social standing, the unrestrained immigration of Mongolians to this State, and their intrusion into every mechanical profession, will have the same humiliating and demoralizing influence upon the working classes of our citizens. No American or European workman, even if he could work for the wages of the Mongolian, will work with him at the same workbench, in the same workshop, or, in those branches which the Chinaman does succeed in monopolizing, even in the same profession. The Chinese will infinitely more degrade labor than the Negro in the slave States has (done. The statement of the Chinese companies themselves, that there are but one hundred respectable families in the State, among fifty thousand Chinese, is a correct guide to their moral condition—if such a term can be at all applied to a people who have not the least conscious

ness of truth and veracity, and whose entire female population (with the exception of one hundred, according to the statement of the Chinese) are engaged in the business of prostitution.

The Social Habits of the Chinese

The social habits and customs of the Chinese, if we except the merchants, are so loathsome that even the atmosphere becomes pregnant with the effluvia of their abodes, and that entire streets in which they have settled—some of which in the speedy course of California progress have become most eligible business sites—are held in disrepute, and prevent the natural growth of commercial thoroughfares and of wholesome traffic.

Such, with the exception of some respectable Chinese merchants in our larger cities, is the character of the Chinese who are in our midst and who continue to come. The Chinese population among us forms a State within a State; they are under the secret control of the five organizations which are known as companies, j whose orders and decisions they implicitly obey. All indications tend to show that there exists between themselves a relation of involuntary servitude, but the slavish subjection of the Mongolian to his social system and the fear of the revenge of his superiors are so great that nothing can induce him to disclose the nature of the power which holds him to strict obedience, even against the police and judicial authorities of this State. The presence of hordes of Mongolians would at present undoubtedly be advantageous to the capitalist and the manufacturer. These classes, although very necessary to the development of a young State, are generally not as careful of the preservation of the principles of freedom and of the exclusion of every element dangerous to the maintenance and the purity of republican institutions, as they are anxious of reaping immediate and unusual profits. Better, far better, that our manufacturing interests should sleep a few years longer, until the natural decrease of the value of labor will make the employment of white laborers profitable, than to develop them by a race which we shall not be able to exclude when the time will have arrived when white workmen will gladly cooperate with the capitalists who desire to experiment in this State with the cultivation of Southern products.

But your memorialists assert that even the present value of the labor of our own workingmen is not in the way of the profitable development of new resources in this State. Laborers of our own race have been successfully and profitably employed in experiments of manufacture. Only, then, when a capitalist, desiring to underbid his competitors, introduced Chinese labor—only then it became impossible for others engaged in the same business to continue employing the labor of our own citizens.

It is only lately that it has become known to the people of Europe that California has all the necessary elements to become one of the richest vineyards in the world. The efforts which have been made to attract the vine-growing people of Europe to the reward which their labor and skill would reap in the southern portion of our State are just beginning to be successful. The question arises—Shall the State invite to its shores thousands of families from the wine-growing borders of the Rhine, which will be a valuable addition to the intelligent, liberty-loving, congenial population of the State, and which will, in developing the resources of our soil, build up homesteads for themselves, or shall we have hordes of Mongolians create large plantations for a few owners of immense tracts of land; and thus, in enriching a few, degrade the value and dignity of labor, and keep away from our shores the desirable working classes of Europe?

For Their Own Protection

It is as well for the protection of the Chinese who reside among us, as for our own protection, that we earnestly urge the Congress to put some barrier in the way of Chinese immigration. We entreat the National Congress to consider that antipathies of races cannot be equalized or counteracted by police laws. The law has not the power of preventing the innumerable acts of brutality and violence which the lower classes of our own population exercise toward the Chinese whenever a favorable opportunity offers itself; for Chinese cannot testify against white persons, and, for fear of the revenge of their persecutors, do not dare to seek the protection of the Courts. These evils, so dangerous as well in their existing force as in their prospective consequences, call certainly for the serious consideration of the power which regulates our intercourse with foreign nations.

The Congress will in its wisdom determine whether the existing treaties interfere with such relief as California expects. If such obstacles exist, the Legislature of California begs to submit that such a revision of the treaties as would protect California from the unlimited influx of Mongolian hordes is most essential to her safety and welfare. All real advantages to be derived from a mutual intercourse of commerce with China may be enjoyed without encouraging any longer the immigration of the lowest and most degraded population of China. If the United States will henceforth admit but those Chinese who are engaged in mercantile pursuits, and either entirely exclude other Mongolians, the** commercial intercourse with China, as far as it is of genuine and permanent value to California, would, in our opinion, be by no means depreciated. The Mongolians in California subsist largely on the imported products of their native country. Of our products they

consume none but the most indispensable. But whatever pecuniary profits the presence of a large population of Mongolians might offer, California is willing to forego them; for she values the safety of her social and political institutions higher than the immediate cultivation upon her soil of sugar, rice, tea, and cotton.

Former Legislatures of California have also felt the greatness of the evil against which your memorialists urgently solicit the aid and cooperation of the National authorities. They repeatedly instructed their Senators and their Representatives to lay this important matter before the Congress, and invite its attention to the dangers which threaten the welfare, perhaps the existence, of the Caucasian race in the States bordering upon the Pacific. Yet, heretofore, the wishes of California have in this respect been wholly neglected by her representatives in Congress.

Trusting in the sincerity and zeal with which our present Senators and Representatives will submit to Congress the evils but imperfectly indicated in this memorial, entertains the strong hope that the care gress for the welfare of every part of the to the earnest consideration of the great Pacific coast.

the State of California and solicitude of ConNation will be directed social danger upon the